Add standard output and error section to cron (#552)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: administrate/cron.md

cd ${APP_HOME} # Which has been loaded by the env.
… # Your part here
```

> ## Standard Output & Error

Reviewer: Might be better to use a plain `and`. Also, what do you think of `Logs collection` or something like that? Something a bit less technical.

> Everything coming from stdout & stderr is forwarded to syslog and is available in the console logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything coming from stdout & stderr is forwarded to our logs collection system and is available in the web console / CLI logs.
```

Some people might not know `syslog` so let's be more generic :)
